You reminded me that this is a busy time?
What are you doing again? Come here!
Come here! I'll kill you!
Let me go!
Xu Heng, you are really useless,
Even if I give you a chance, you won't be able to kill me!
Don't hide it, I can only accept more of you!
You are just my true voice now,
Accept me no more, you want more,
What are you going to do? Leave again!
You know how to sound so good! Not so much
And you recognize the reality
Be careful of taking the wrong path
But you guys are dead and don't leave.
give me back
You just go
Just now Qin Long Baili came over
Luggage to Qin Shi Qin He Medicine Qin Zuo Qin Zuo
Your Excellency has great information
Please give me this time, will you learn from me?
It's not that I don't want to move
It was Qin Long who committed the crime
No need to touch anyone
if something is done
It's not practical
That means spending the day with me, early in the morning
You, if you really like Banxiang, that’s fine